[Music]
this math trick can unmistakeably guess
your age magic is just around the corner
all you have to do is to answer the
following six questions grab a pen and
calculator to see how it works step 1
choose a number from 1 to 9 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 8 9 pick any one which one is your
lucky number go with that one the number
you pick will be X step 2 multiply your
number by 2 x times 2 okay this sounds
easy step 3 then add 5 to your result x
times 2 plus 5 step 4 multiply the
result by 50 X times 2 plus 5 times 50
step 5
if you've already had your birthday this
year add 1767 if not at 1766 step 6
got a four digit number now subtract the
year of your birth from the result you
should get a three figure number the
first figure is the number you've chosen
Ischl e and the two others are your age
if you've calculated this properly
you'll get the right answer that's
pretty amazing did it work for you how
old are you by the way want to do the
math together let's check it out again
so first I have to choose a number from
one tonight
okay I'm going at 7 7 is my number then
I should multiply my number by 2 okay 7
times 2 is 14 now let's add 5 to the
result 14 plus 5 equals 19
then multiply the result by 50 okay here
you go
19 times 50 equals 950 let's see what's
next if you've already had your birthday
this year
add 1767 if not add 1766 well I haven't
celebrated my birthday yet so it seems I
should add 1766 950 1766 equals 2716
what's next subtract the year of my
birth from the result okay I definitely
need a calculator for this one two
thousand seven hundred and sixteen minus
1990 equals seven hundred and twenty-six
Wow
I picked the number seven and I'm 26
that's right how did they do that do you
have any idea let me know in the
comments below don't forget to hit the
like button below and share the video
with your friends to add a little magic
to their lives
[Music]